src/posts/2013-05-29-hello-world.md, before:

---
title: Hello World!
date: 2013-05-29T23:58:21.000Z
author: Netopya
category: projects
tag: Project
layout: post
og_image: http://www.netopyaplanet.com/gallery_images/1/full/full_IMG_5688.JPG
description: Welcome to the new Netopya Planet blog! This is the successor to my old LiveJournal blog where I will be posting about all my tech projects, creations and reviews. The new blog has a fresh new design and is deployed using my own Flask application. I've designed this site to showcase individual projects that I'm working on or have worked on in the past, with each post having its own customizable image gallery. You can browse all the different projects, tutorials and tools I've built using the navigation above. Enjoy the site!
overfold_content: |
  <div class="centered_image"><img src="/article_images/1/thb_1_n.jpg" class="img-thumbnail"/></div><p>Hello everyone! I'm Michael (aka Netopya) a university engineering student from Canada and this is my blog. I have a few projects I work on that I'd love to share with you along with other discoveries I make from the work of technology and science. Whats that device in the picture? Stay tuned and I'll get to that and more as my blog comes to life!</p>
---

Commit message:

Refactors blog and adds LED matrix tutorial
Updates the landing page to use a more inviting call to action.

Refreshes the introductory blog post with a more personal touch.

Adds a detailed tutorial on controlling LED matrices with Arduino,
including efficient memory usage techniques and code examples.

src/posts/2013-05-29-hello-world.md, after:

---
title: Hello World!
date: 2013-05-29T23:58:21.000Z
author: Netopya
category: projects
tag: Project
layout: post
og_image: http://www.netopyaplanet.com/gallery_images/1/full/full_IMG_5688.JPG
description: Hello everyone! I'm Michael (aka Netopya) a university engineering student from Canada and this is my blog. I have a few projects I work on that I'd love to share with you along with other discoveries I make from the work of technology and science. Whats that device in the picture? Stay tuned and I'll get to that and more as my blog comes to life!
overfold_content: |
  <div class="centered_image"><img src="/article_images/1/thb_1_n.jpg" class="img-thumbnail"/></div><p>Hello everyone! I'm Michael (aka Netopya) a university engineering student from Canada and this is my blog. I have a few projects I work on that I'd love to share with you along with other discoveries I make from the work of technology and science. Whats that device in the picture? Stay tuned and I'll get to that and more as my blog comes to life!</p>
---
